OK everybody welcome back.
In this lecture we're going to focus on adding actors to our scene.
So first of all let's have a look at adding more assets to the scene.
So you've got some trees in the background.
Perhaps we want a thicker forest here are a couple of ways that we could go about doing this.
The first one would be to add these things in manually when we can go into the content browser.
I'm going to pull this handle up here.
We can go into the environment.
We can go into the meshes and then we've got a series of objects we can just drag straight into our
scene and we have a tree cluster here that we could do that with.
The alternative is there are already tree clusters present.
So how about we go to there and copy what's already there.
This hole down the right mouse button and fly all the way to the set of trees here.
I'm going to select them and then we've got a couple of options.
I can go control sea control V and paste in another set.
It's difficult to sometimes see that that's actually happened.
The other thing that you can do is hold down the old key as you perform the actual translation and that
will automatically copy.
Now one thing to bear in mind when you do that is that you have to hold down ALT for each instance you
can't just keep holding down ALT it won't produce new ones every time you'll have to repress the key
for each new drag.
You can see there we've got a forest appearing in the background so the duplicate key is really awesome
especially when it comes to creating multiple of the same object.
Now of course here we've got an issue with these trees floating in the sky.
I can just highlight them press the delete key and they will disappear.
Now no doubt at some point you will end up deleting the player starts.
This particular actor is really important because when we go ahead and press play it's where we're going
to start in the game.
Now we've deliberately placed it right up against the terminal that we're going to be interfacing with
because it'd be silly every time if we press play we'd have to move to the terminal first.
That's right.
Front and center however you may want to once you've finished off your game to place it elsewhere in
the levels so the player has to move to the terminal first.
That's entirely up to you.
But if he did happen to delete this watch we can go and do now is actively delete it.
So there you go.
Gone if you've noticed.
Then of course you can undo.
But if not what we can do is over on the mode tab so let's make this a bit larger again.
We have a series of options here under basic.
We have the player starts.
You can also of course search up the top here for player and we will find the player starts then it's
a simple action of clicking and dragging the actor into our scene.
Now you see here when we press play once again let's move this.
Make it a bit smaller again there we go when we press play we're a bit too close.
So once again we can come in stop the play selects the player actor.
I'm just going to move around here and pull us back and then press play again.
That looks about right so those press escapes come out of that.
Finally we have the landscape itself.
Now what I'm going to do is give you a small challenge right now to add some additional assets to your
scene to get happy with the process of doing that.
Remember you've got the content browser where you can have a look through the assets that are available
to you within the game we can add a little flower patch if you wanted or perhaps a new paddock for some
additional animals.
It's entirely up to you.
Of course these are just the main environmental measures that you can add in if we go back one level.
We've got the unreal cow in here as well as its own separate entity and then we can go into the meshes
here and we can drag an additional cow in if we wanted to.
And you can see here that it's come in really really small the press the FCC to focus in on our micro
cow.
Very sweet.
So remember that you can focus on any object that you've got by even pressing the FCC to focus in on
it.
You'll notice that the world out lineup also reflects that we've now got that selected the other way
that we could do this is if we select an object in the world outline.
Let's say this Tree Cluster if we double click on it it will fill up the view.
And once again if I go and try and find my toy cow free we can select it like that as well.
So there are multiple ways of getting to things as there always is with this type of program.
So challenge yourself now to play with the program add some additional mesh objects.
But not too many just so you get the hang of playing with your level because in the next lecture we'll
be editing the landscape itself and what you will end up doing if you're not careful is pushing the
landscape through some of the mesh objects you've already placed there.
So it pulls really.
Now give that a quick go to get used to it and I'll see you all in the next lecture.